an expedition to provoke man to
leave the passionate for this nature
global
the nature of Iceland literally
talking to g1 island
the country with just over 320 thousand
was the headquarters for the launch
world's new discovering sport
a car that promises replaced with
the flamengo that marked the
generation for land rover in brazil
the discovery just like the one here
Iceland
it arrives in versions with engine 2.0
turbo and 2.2 to use the ability
discovery has been placed on the
from the first few meters of the
distance
the car did not skate on the ice is to discover
sport is an automobile like that much
complete
Brazil will be selling part of 180
one thousand reais
the initial version the car that the mechanic
fair also brings a well being on board
I will not make the new disc on board as
Sport was launched in April and May the
Brazil reinforces the frozen sensation here in
history any temperature from near
of negative 10 degrees
the mayor of security is already doing
an initial study
this first stretch of 100 kilometers
after
that 100 km the path continues
the very different chill piece here in the
europe is an island unknown to the
most Brazilians
in a fabulous setting from a
to face the course of only four
for four
the stretch of two days and 204 kilometers
we saw a scenario that
inspires man's glacial love for
pure nature plenty of space for five
occupants
there behind place in the trunk you can
take two more young or two children
discovery has a complete panel and
much of the huck income observes a frame
instruments is very similar in the center
selector lever and 9
Speed is the charm of the car booth
which has a very clear solar roof
and the image is to check everything closely
in Reykjavik face the snow
ice and we passed inside a river
see the moment when we face
nature and the ice water of
genre
a scenario that changes every five minutes
just turned the next turn and everything
changes
the floor a little but already denis and the ice
I promise to disappear but it's just
five minutes until everything turns ne cousin e
a car was able to overcome all
obstacles and showed for our
report here of the movie of the automotive one
that has category to spare to train
the modern world both on the track and in
snow while anywhere and if
Find out the sport that we show here.
which of engine 1 and
diariodepernambuco.com.br